It will be possible for Neuralink users to make API calls to AI Models, recieving the answer inside of their head.

Spoken directly to their conscious mind without anyone else being able to hear the brain speaker.

Users will be able to make conscious decisions by invoking application wake words, action steps and confirmation dialogue with optional response queues with subtle application notification updates when it is quiet.

Example:
"Neuralink" - Wakes up the neuralink NLP inference engine to focus on your next command.

Technically, if your brain wave activity and voice match identity match your profile the brain computer interface can interpret your data and make direct tool calls.
These tool calls vary from a software perspective depending on the user's request.

Brainwave activity

Transcript
Ethos, Logos, Pathos
Time and Date
Identity logging for who says what
Frontend interface with intuitive tools, search infernence, nomic embeddings and more.
Nomic Embedding is key here for local user control over the weights in neural networks. Settings will be available to improve the user's control over the inference engine capabilities.
Search capabilities for a Single Sign On Key Generated by IBM Cloud
The user themselves can use their own IBM Cloud API Key to generate a Single Sign On Key so only they can access their brain's logs for their own use abiding by the 4th ammendmant of the U.S Consitution.
Any other cloud service will be required to enter each and every user into a EULA with their consent in order to access their data according to the privacy policy.
Any overseerer must sign a Non Disclosure Agreement and extensive training prior to being able to access specific data using RBAC and portal login.
Any violations to the privacy policy will result in immediate termination from the agent's access to customer's data.

Compliance:
U.S Constitution
CCPA
GDPR

Writing brain wave activity to .wav and .mp3 format in near real time.
Saving to cache, with limited GB storage. Live running most recent results for 80% of storage with 20% saved for key cache abductive reasoning with compression.

Satelite Connectivity
Real-time concurrent API calls to update Cloud Providers then connected python listener events for real-time updates.

NLP
Natural Language Processing
Focus on the Wikipedia article.

Ollama local LLM (Offline)
User settings for over the air software update to choose their locally ran LLM.

Options include:
Meta: (United States Default)
Llama Maverick, Llama Scout
Vision Interpretation ollama model
Audio Interpretation ollama model

OpenAI:
Insert best OpenAI ollama model to date.

xAI:
xAI Locally Training LLM (Coming Soon) at various Parameter counts.

Mistral: (European Default)
Mistral 7B, Mistral 7B Instruct

DeepSeek: (China Default) - Everything is passed through a VPN through Hong Kong when online, only when using DeepSeek API.
DeepSeek V3, DeepSeek R1

Qwen:
Alibaba's AI Model. Insert best available model to date.

ML

RL

AI

MCP Servers

ACP

A2A